readme.md, before:

#### <ins>Notes and ref for assignment</ins>

# <ins>Design Brief</ins>

I want the page to flow seamlessly from top to bottom, but still have separate 'page' elements, so you can scroll down the whole thing and see animations and images but also useable links straight to my work history/skills, and contact info.

I imagine rounded edges and reasonably translucent buttons. Not iOS round maybe more windows XP, or youtube/amazon prime video. And translucent enough to be noticeable that there's a button, but not be an obvious __THIS IS A BUTTON__

## <ins>Colours</ins>

___Light mode___
- I'm thinking light muted summery with one or two obvious contrasts for text.

___Dark mode___
- Bladerunner/Night City cyberpunk vibes, neons, chrome and black (this might not work)


## css only carousel found here https://css-tricks.com/css-only-carousel/
- didnt end up using this(a little complicated for me at this stage), its a great idea though.
<br><br><br>

# After misunderstanding the assignment, I'll start again from here.
<p>Ignore the above, I'm big dumb. That will still stand for my eventual portfolio page (maybe. this might end up looking more professional)</p><br>
<p><ins>Brief design brief.</ins>

- simple page layout, links in nav to seperate pages containing relevant information
- blue/grey/purpleish? colour scheme
- fit some animations in for the rubric. i'm thinking a glow effect coming from behind my photo
- scratch the blue, grey, two shades of purple, black, white


</p>

[Link to my page] (https://dom-andrewartha-portfolio.netlify.app/contact)

Commit message:

added seperate nav.css and updated readme on where the responsive nav came from

readme.md, after:

#### <ins>Notes and ref for assignment</ins>

# <ins>Design Brief</ins>

I want the page to flow seamlessly from top to bottom, but still have separate 'page' elements, so you can scroll down the whole thing and see animations and images but also useable links straight to my work history/skills, and contact info.

I imagine rounded edges and reasonably translucent buttons. Not iOS round maybe more windows XP, or youtube/amazon prime video. And translucent enough to be noticeable that there's a button, but not be an obvious __THIS IS A BUTTON__

## <ins>Colours</ins>

___Light mode___
- I'm thinking light muted summery with one or two obvious contrasts for text.

___Dark mode___
- Bladerunner/Night City cyberpunk vibes, neons, chrome and black (this might not work)


## css only carousel found here https://css-tricks.com/css-only-carousel/
- didnt end up using this(a little complicated for me at this stage), its a great idea though.
<br><br><br>

# After misunderstanding the assignment, I'll start again from here.
<p>Ignore the above, I'm big dumb. That will still stand for my eventual portfolio page (maybe. this might end up looking more professional)</p><br>
<p><ins>Brief design brief.</ins>

- simple page layout, links in nav to seperate pages containing relevant information
- blue/grey/purpleish? colour scheme
- fit some animations in for the rubric. i'm thinking a glow effect coming from behind my photo
- scratch the blue, grey, two shades of purple, black, white


</p>

# [My portfolio page](https://dom-andrewartha-portfolio.netlify.app/contact)


## I realised that my navbar would break when on mobile view so I found this
[Pure CSS responsive navbar](https://codepen.io/jo_Geek/pen/xgbaEr)  
and adapted it to my theme and syntax.
